MINIFICPP-1843 Implement PutElasticsearchJson (#1349)
apache/nifi-minifi-cpp: PROCESSORS.md

| Name                                           | Default Value | Allowable Values | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|------------------------------------------------|---------------|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Action                                         |               |                  | The type of the operation used to index (create, delete, index, update, upsert)<br/>**Supports Expression Language: true**                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | Max Batch Size                                 | 100           |                  | The maximum number of Syslog events to process at a time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: syslog events?
```suggestion
| Max Batch Size                                 | 100           |                  | The maximum number of flow files to process at a time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

Author: oops, nice catch, I've included this in https://github.com/apache/nifi-minifi-cpp/pull/1349/commits/fdb1bf2a34423815cfe2cb395e83dcee3bc2f1cd#diff-fd2410931e7fdc4bf8b3ce23f5f7a27c7aacdf9337320626d86d806448c90b9bR1656
